Lana room is an annual four day music
festival taking place in Tennessee where
its main attractions are the amazing
fans and the great style fashion editor
Justin finner is here to share his top
three looks from the weekend hi Justin
hi Jessica so it's in Tennessee in the
south how's that influenced the style I
think what a lot of people think of
really stylish music festivals they
think of Coachella cuz it's in
California and all the actresses are
there they think of plastine Greg
because it's in the UK and all the
models are there but what we're getting
with Bonnaroo is this really sort of
southern influence it's on this big farm
and so people are really just trying to
beat the heat it gets hot in this out in
the summer and all four days the heat
index has been at or above 90 degrees so
people are trying to look good but
they're also trying to stay cool and not
pass out from heat stroke okay so tell
me what people are wearing or not
wearing so actually one of the coolest
looks that our editors on the ground
there Marissa Tom and britney stevens
saw is a young girl named maddie who's
wearing a black bandeau top and a pair
of cutoff black and white striped shorts
now this is a really great look because
it's two very important trends from
spring 2013 runways bare midriff is in
right now and black and white stripes
are sort of one of the most interesting
and important graphical stories from the
spring runways and she's combining them
both in the same look and you know she
just looks really fresh and obviously I
mean she's bearing a lot of skin she's
got to be staying very cool out in that
hot Sun yeah I'm not quite ready to bare
all my mid rim but I think the color
she's wearing the booze and the bangles
looks really good for her to go with
this black and white right if she had
just stayed black and white it would
have been sort of stark and maybe even a
little interesting but she punched it up
with a really cool light blue clubmaster
shape pair of sunglasses and also some
really interesting colorful bangles okay
so what other things have we seen with
her trends uh so another important trend
story that we've seen not just the
spring but you know for a number of
seasons now or printed pants was a young
woman named amber who Brittany and
Marissa also saw she's wearing a really
great pair of blue and green printed
pants she paired it with a really simple
sleeveless jersey top but I think
they'll look the thing that pulls this
look together are the white flowers in
her hair she looks a little flower child
a little Woodstock and I thought that
made it look all very fresh it's very
festival all of us we've seen
far you gotta have flowers you gotta
have feathers gotta be he's gonna braise
something in your hair that gives it
that you know seventies feel right and
speaking of braids I think the best look
we saw at Bonnaroo is Solange Knowles
not a streets I look she was actually
performing there on Saturday in addition
to her braids she had a printed bandeau
top with a matching skirt she paired it
with a short sleeve cardigan of course
you can't wear a full sleeve cardigan
because it's really hot outside and a
pair of really interesting round
sunglasses and I think the thing that
really punched off this look our pair of
leopard print heels very strappy very
high but she was still able to wear them
and sort of get around on stage I think
she looked really really good and she's
sort of been told another a number of
those really important round stories
well every time I've used to launch
anywhere I think it's amazing how she
can pick two prints that usually you
would never put together and smash them
up and your life how did she do that it
was amazing she's the best she's really
good at it she is a walking masterclass
in what we like to call power clashing
and I thought she was really good and so
did a lot of people at this festival
well consider that lesson learned thank
you so much Justin
you